the WebDAV protocol makes the web a
readable and writeable medium and it
provides a framework for users to create
change and move documents on a server
you can now use first-class as your file
server and mount first-class conferences
and communities on your computer desktop
and move documents in and out of the
container and edit them directly just as
if they were stored directly on your
computer in this video you'll be shown
how to set this up and how to connect
your first-class server using a number
of different operating systems James
wants to create a conference that can be
used for a personal storage of documents
that he can edit using his favorite
productivity application he logs in from
several different computers and some of
them are windows-based systems and some
are Macintosh he creates a conference on
his first-class desktop and gives it a
name current work documents since he
created the conference he is the owner
of that conference and thus he has full
read/write edit capabilities on any
documents that he adds to this
conference he Long's off his computer
and now must mount this conference as a
mapped volume on his local computer so
let's take a look at how this can be
done from a variety of different
operating systems on Windows 7 open a
file explorer window and click on the
map network drive button in the
resulting window select an available
Drive letter or use the default and
enter the website address of your
first-class server followed by the slash
and the word login make sure you enter
HTTP colon slash slash at the beginning
as well you can optionally check the box
to reconnect that log in and then check
the connect using different credentials
checkbox click on finish and you'll be
prompted to enter your first-class login
ID and password your drive will nollie
mounted and you can open your current
work Documents folder to disconnect the
mounted drive right click on the mounted
volume and choose disconnect
to connect using a Macintosh computer
open the finder and then select the
connect to server from the go menu in
the resulting screen into your first
class web address followed by the word
login using a capital L click on connect
and enter your first class user ID and
password the remember password in your
keychain option is optional click on
connect and as with windows 7 you will
see the contents of your first class
desktop where you'll be able to open
your current documents folder to
disconnect click on the shared drive and
then click on disconnect to connect with
Windows XP open the file explorer window
and choose map network drive from the
Tools menu into your web server address
followed by slash login and optionally
choose to reconnect it login then click
on the link connect using a different
username in the resulting window into
your first class login ID and password
then ok then click on finish and your
drive will be mounted giving you access
to your current work documents container
to disconnect right click on the map
drive and choose disconnect finally we
can look at a login using Windows Vista
as with Windows 7 open a file explorer
window and click on the map network
drive and enter your first class web
server address in the server field and
optionally click the reconnect that
login button then click on the connect
using a different username link and in
the connect as window into your first
class user ID and password then finish
the map network drive will be mounted
giving you access to your current work
documents container this can be treated
like any other drive in your computer
whether on a Windows or a Macintosh
computer you can copy files into this
folder and do direct editing of
documents in that folder just open the
document and when asked into your
first-class credentials once again
once you have made your edits save it
and the file gets written back to the
first-class conference
here we are now showing the map never
drive on a Macintosh and how I can open
the same Word document on the Mac and
continue my editing on the Macintosh I
work documents like pages documents are
also fully editable and one last thing
if you have enabled the first-class
communities on your server you can enter
the first class community's domain in
your login and mount and view your
desktop and see all of the communities
any documents edited in a community will
support full web versioning as well and
that will be noted in your first class
community
you